what's up guys a black ops amazing -
welcome to another GTA 5 video on my
channel today guys are gonna be showing
you how you can customize and change the
appearance of your character this is
something you couldn't usually do once
you've chosen the appearance and
customized your character you couldn't
ever do it again in the game some of you
might not be happy with how your
character looks so I'm going to show you
how you can change that and hopefully
this helps a lot of people out if you do
and do the video guys by the end all the
Aster news that you leave a like rating
and also if you wanna see some more
content like this up on my channel make
sure you hit that subscribe on screen
now orbital you guys thank you very much
watching and enjoy so the first thing
you want to do is go on to GTA 5 online
press Start go to online and go over to
swap character then what you need to do
is create a second character if you
already have one just start again so
delete that character and then create a
second character would you created your
second character you don't have to pick
anything specific just create it and
start up the game with your second
character you can also make sure you
press a to skip the tutorial so you
don't have to do that again once you've
loaded into the will of your second
character you then want to press start
again go down to swap character and go
back onto the swap character screen you
don't need to switch back to your main
character load back into the will with
your main character once you've loaded
back and you then need to press online
and go to swap character for the third
time and again switch back over to your
second character select and when you
start loading in with your second
character you should get the message
seen do you want to alter your
character's appearance so what you need
to do now is either turn off your router
and disconnect your xbox wirelessly or
disconnect it pull out your Ethernet
cable you just need to disconnect your
xbox or ps3 from the internet this
actually won't work if you just sign up
to actually need to unplug your Ethernet
cable or turn off your router then just
press B when it says you've been
disconnected and you should load back
into the single-player would you've
loaded back into single-player all you
do then is plug them all back in and
make sure you connect your Xbox back to
the internet or PlayStation 3 back to
online then what you want to do is press
Start and go over to choose character
don't go onto an online session go
straight to choose character from
single-player
and then all you need to do is select
your main character or the character you
want to have is appear
change so select the character you want
the appearance changing on your main
character and it should pop up with a
massive saying do you want to change
your character's appearance this is your
only opportunity press yes and that is
that you can now change your appearance
in GTA 5 you can change your character
from a boy to a girl and change his
hairstyle you know put the skin colour
whatever you want it to change in GTA 5
this is the only way of doing it and
hopefully it's going to help a lot of
you people out to accidentally maybe
chose a girl character when you want to
deploy and there you know you don't want
to create a new character and lose all
your levels it's a really awesome glitch
and hopefully this helps a lot of you
out so if it asked or you found this
video informational make sure you leave
a like rating if you want to see some
more videos like this off on my channel
if we can reach over 300 likes let me
much appreciate the guys be sure to
follow me on Twitter links are down in
the description until next time peace
out
you